Update documentation pages (#2)
n370/the-accessibles: README.md

# API server modernization and Style Dictionary integration

## Project Details

| Event Attribute| Description |
| --- | --- |
| Project Team Name | The Accessibles |
| Project Name | API server modernization and Style Dictionary integration |
| Challenge | 1 |
| Event Track | Hack the Code |

## Use Case Abstract

### Theme Builder API server modernization

> After reading through the Theme Builder source code our team identified an opportunity to improve the backend server by changing the underlying technology being used to build it. Fastify is a modern open-source Node.js web server framework with first class Typescript support and a vibrant community.

Author: @codyzu not sure if this is capturing well enough the idea.

Reviewer: See below

> After reading through the Theme Builder source code our team identified an opportunity to improve the backend server by changing the underlying technology being used to build it. [Fastify](https://www.fastify.io/) is a modern open-source Node.js web server framework with first class Typescript support and a vibrant community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After reading through the Theme Builder source code our team identified an opportunity to modernize the tech stack, the backend server specifically, by changing the underlying technology used to build it. [Fastify](https://www.fastify.io/) is a modern open-source Node.js web server framework with first-class Typescript support and a vibrant community. It uses modern coding techniques to improve the developer experience, has a plugin architecture that encourages good design and separation of concerns, and most of all it is fast... very fast!

```

### Style Dictionary integration

> After looking at the JSON output generated by the Theme Builder our team identified and opportunity to use it as an input to another tool that automates the creation of stylesheets for multiple platforms not only the Web. The [Style Dictionary](https://amzn.github.io/style-dictionary/#/) is an open-source project that allows you to define styles once, in a way for any platform or language to consume.

Author: @codyzu not sure if this is capturing well enough the idea.

Reviewer: see below

> After looking at the JSON output generated by the Theme Builder our team identified and opportunity to use it as an input to another tool that automates the creation of stylesheets for multiple platforms not only the Web. The [Style Dictionary](https://amzn.github.io/style-dictionary/#/) is an open-source project that allows software teams to define styles once, in a way for any platform or language to consume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After looking at the currently available output formats, JSON and CSS, our team identified an opportunity to rapidly expand the available formats of the generated design tokens. By leveraging the team's previous experience building design systems, we decided to use the open source tool [Style Dictionary](https://amzn.github.io/style-dictionary/#/) to generate design tokens that can be consumed by many platforms, including Android, iOS, web, JS, and more. This could have a massive impact on the adoption of the theme builder by generating design tokens for many platforms.
```

2. [BDR 01](./decisions/bdr-01.md)

## Team Information

<!--- Template Instructions  
  Provide a brief description of your team, how it came to be, etc.
--->  

> Our team members came together because ...

Author: @codyzu Any ideas on what to put here?

Reviewer: See below

> Our team members came together because ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our team members came together because we share a passion for accessibility, design systems, and the modernization of tech stacks. We believe that these combined passions give our team a competitive advantage and the strength to make hackathon contributions with a real impact!
```
